Update dates from 2018 to 2019 (#46)
SoCraTesUK/socrates-uk: index.md

title: Home
---

### SoCraTes UK 2019 Details

> <em>We are working hard to finalised the details of SoCraTes UK 2019. The dates still need to be finalised, but the event is expected to take place at [Wotton House, Surrey][WottonHouse] in early **June 2019**.</em>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<em>We are working hard to organise SoCraTes UK 2019. The dates still need to be finalised, but the event is expected to take place at [Wotton House, Surrey][WottonHouse] in early **June 2019**.</em>
```

### What happens at SoCraTes?

> The gathering runs from over 4 days during a week in **June**, attendees arriving on **Thursday** and departing on **Sunday**.

Reviewer 2: is "from over" correct? 
I think it should be just "for"

Author: Fixed :)
